1. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a
file help you see the bug that was introduced?

Viewing the diff between two versions of a file helped me locate where content had been added or removed.
I could find the typo much more quikly because I knew where to locate the differences. It would have taken
me longer to find a typo if I had to comb through hundreds of different lines of code.

2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file
make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Having easy access to the entire history of a file would make me a more efficient programmer
because if I created a new file that needed to begin in a similiar way as another file, I could just
copy the code from the begining history of a similiar file. I wouldn't have to recreate code everytime a
added a new webpage.

It would also help if I made an error or didn't like how the webpage was turning out. I could always go back to
my original version without having to remember where I made changes.

3. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when
to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved,
like Google docs does?

The pro of manually choosing when to commit is that you don't save so many commits that it gets overwhelming.
You can committ when you feel it is most necessary.

The con to manually choosing to commit is that you have to remember to commit when necessary.

4. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

I think Git allows saving multiple files in one commit because it's dealing with code which may require
another file in order to work properly. Google Docs probably treats each file spereatly because it is dealing with documents that
work well on their own.

5. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log shows all of the commits in the repository. Commits can be added with comments, so you can find the commit
that you are looking for. You can use git diff to find the differences between two of the commits
(found with git log).

6. How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Version control would make me more confident in making changes because you could always go back to the version
that did not have an error and you could find out where you made the error.

7. Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I will use Git to save different versions of my projects. Git will help me keep track of the changes that I
made without fearing that I will loose a working version.

g